docs(radio-button, overlay-menu): update example usage (#1185)
Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui: documents/src/pages/elements/overlay-menu.md

Reviewer: Could you review all `parentElement` usages? They look unnecessary in a number of places. The idea is that event listener should not be added to `body` element unless it's the only way.

Author: I just remove unnecessary usage of `parentElement` from the overlay-menu docs.

Reviewer: Let's replace "click" with "select" in "Usage" section.

    <ef-item for="apac">APAC</ef-item>
    <ef-item for="latin-america">Latin America</ef-item>
    <ef-item type="header">Favorites</ef-item>
    <ef-item icon="flame">Thailand</ef-item>
    <ef-item type="divider"></ef-item>
    <ef-item icon="dislike-empty" disabled>Unspecified</ef-item>
  </ef-overlay-menu>
  <ef-overlay-menu id="emea">
    <ef-item>Spain</ef-item>
    <ef-item>France</ef-item>
    <ef-item for="united-kingdom">United Kingdom</ef-item>
  </ef-overlay-menu>
  <ef-overlay-menu id="united-kingdom">
    <ef-item>Cardiff</ef-item>
    <ef-item>Edinburgh</ef-item>
    <ef-item>London</ef-item>
  </ef-overlay-menu>
  <ef-overlay-menu id="n-america">
    <ef-item>Canada</ef-item>
  </ef-overlay-menu>
  <ef-overlay-menu id="apac">
    <ef-item>China</ef-item>
    <ef-item>Australia</ef-item>
  </ef-overlay-menu>
  <ef-overlay-menu id="latin-america">
    <ef-item>Mexico</ef-item>
    <ef-item>Brazil</ef-item>
  </ef-overlay-menu>
</div>
```
::

`ef-overlay-menu` is an overlay window that supports single-level and multi-level menus. It can be positioned by attaching to other elements, or its vertical and horizontal offset can be adjusted, if needed.

## Usage

> Create `ef-overlay-menu` with `ef-item` elements as menu items. Listen for the `item-trigger` event to identify a clicked item. Furthermore, `item-trigger` event should listen at parent element of `ef-overlay-menu`.

Reviewer: Let's add a new paragraph describing how to add event listener to a wrapper element when overlay-menus are nested.

Reviewer: Also, this is one of the 2 live examples that a wrapper element is needed.

Author: Updated!

Reviewer: I think we should 
* Describe about wrapper element in "Nested menu" section instead. Plus, add an inline link to "Managing selection" section for a live example.
* As the live example in "Usage" contains only one Overlay Menu, there should be no wrapper there.

Author: Thank you for your feedback. I have already refactored this section regarding your advice.

::import-elements::
const button = document.querySelector('ef-button');
const menu = document.querySelector('ef-overlay-menu');

> const text = document.querySelector('p')

Reviewer: missing semicolon.

  }
});

menu.addEventListener('item-trigger', (event) => {
  const value = event.detail.value;

>   text.textContent = 'You have clicked on: ' + value;

Reviewer: `click` is limited to mouse input.
```suggestion
  text.textContent = 'You have selected: ' + value;
```

  }
});

menu.addEventListener('item-trigger', (event) => {
  const value = event.detail.value;

>   console.log('You have clicked on: ' + value);

Reviewer: Live example and code snippet should match: paragraph instead of console log.

    }
  });

  menu.addEventListener('item-trigger', (event) => {
    const value = (event as ItemTriggerEvent).detail.value;

>     console.log('You have clicked on: ' + value);

Reviewer: don't forget the TypeScript example.

## Nested menus

Menu and sub-menus are bound together using the `for` and `id` attributes of `ef-item` and the sub-menu. The `for` attribute must be equal to the `id` attribute of the related sub-menu in order to bind the menu and sub-menu together.

You can handle `item-trigger` event of a nested menu by wrapping its `ef-overlay-menu`s in an element then listen to the event at the container element.

::
```javascript
::import-elements::
const button = document.getElementById('button');
const menu = document.getElementById('menu');
const text = document.getElementById('text')
const menuController = menu.parentElement;
menu.positionTarget = button;

button.addEventListener('click', () => {
  if (!menu.fullyOpened && !menu.transitioning) {
    menu.opened = true;
  }
});

menuController.addEventListener('item-trigger', (event) => {
  const value = event.detail.value;
  if (value) {

>     text.textContent = 'You have clicked on: ' + value;

Reviewer: clicked -> selected

> Menu and sub-menus are bound together using the `for` and `id` attributes of `ef-item` and the sub-menu. The `for` attribute must be equal to the `id` attribute of the related sub-menu in order to bind the menu and submenu together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Menu and sub-menus are bound together using the `for` and `id` attributes of `ef-item` and the sub-menu. The `for` attribute must be equal to the `id` attribute of the related sub-menu in order to bind the menu and sub-menu together.
```

> When an overlay menu becomes nested, it should be wrapped into a single group, and the `item-trigger` event should be listened to the wrapper element of the overlay menu. For more usage on using the `item-trigger`, see the [Managing selection](./elements/overlay-menu#managing-selection).

Reviewer: Adding live example here is actually a better idea. Let's remove reference to "Managing selection" section then.
```suggestion
You can handle `item-trigger` event of a nested menu by wrapping its `ef-overlay-menu`s in an element then listen to the event at the container element.
```

::
```javascript
::import-elements::
const button = document.getElementById('button');
const menu = document.getElementById('menu');
const menuController = menu.parentElement;
menu.positionTarget = button;

button.addEventListener('click', () => {
  if (!menu.fullyOpened && !menu.transitioning) {
    menu.opened = true;
  }
});

menuController.addEventListener('item-trigger', (event) => {
  const value = event.detail.value;
  if (value) {
    console.log('You have clicked on: ' + value);

>     button.textContent = value;

Reviewer: instead of logging, add `<p>` displaying the message instead: much higher visibility for our doc readers.

Author: Updated!

<section>
  <ef-button cta aria-haspopup="true">Choose Item</ef-button>
</section>

> <div class="container">

Reviewer: redundant container element

Author: Updated!

<section>
  <ef-button cta id="button" aria-haspopup="true">Choose Item</ef-button>
</section>

> <div class="container">

Reviewer: This is the second section that wrapper element is required as `item-trigger` event listener is being used here.

Author: Updated!
